- [Instructor] H Plus IT Director likes
the progress you've made so far and now desires
that we look at the clustering
ability available in WebLogic.
From the WebLogic console, click on the environment link
and then on servers,
and you should see a table of available servers.
Next, we're going to click the lock and edit,
going to add new, we'll type in Hplus dash MS dash one.
Because our server instances reside on the same machine,
we're going to leave the listener address empty.
Going to change the port to 8001,
because it does reside on the same address
and we can't have any conflicts.
I'll click next and finish.
I'm going to do this again.
Going to type Hplus dash MS dash two,
going to change this one to 9001,
click next, and finish,
and don't forget to click activate changes.
Right now the state says these are shut down,
their health is unreachable
and they're listening on these ports.
So let's go to our terminal window,
we're going to click new and then new again,
because we need to have two windows
for what we're about to do.
Let's make sure we're in the home directory, we are.
So we're going to type Oracle, Middleware, Oracle Home,
user projects, domains, hplus domain, bin,
then we're going to say start manage WebLogic server.
We'll type hplus ms one,
then we're going to use the t3 protocol.
Type localhost and then the port of the admin server.
We'll hit enter.
And you'll notice that this prompts us
for a username and password again.
And we'll address that in a moment
by going into the appropriate folder
and adding a boot dot properties file.
So this command and its parameters
tells the start manage node SA script
to start the hplus ms one node that we created.
And it tells it to connect it to
the administrative server running on port 7001.
The t3 protocol is a proprietary Oracle WebLogic protocol
used for connecting these servers.
It'll create a folder in the server's directory
containing the admin server called hplus ms one.
As you saw, we had to enter the username and password,
like we did earlier.
And we're going to create a boot properties
and to do that, I'm going to kill our instance
and we're going to navigate to
the Oracle, Middleware, Home,
user projects domains, hplus domain.
We're going to go to the servers our hplus ms one directory.
Hit enter and inside of here,
we're going to create a security directory.
And we'll go into the security directory,
we'll say vi boot properties.
Go to insert mode and we'll type username WebLogic,
password mysecret escape, right, quit.
Now WebLogic will take that
and hash that properties file for us.
We're going to come all the way back out,
go to Oracle, Middleware, user projects,
domains, bin, start, manage WebLogic server,
hplus dash ms dash one, use our t3 protocol again,
local host, colon, 7001, hit enter.
We shouldn't be prompted for a password this time,
it should load right up.
We're going to do the same thing in the next window.
Type Oracle, Middleware, Home, User projects,
domains, hplus domain, bin, start,
manage WebLogic, this time it's hplus ms dash two,
use our t3 protocol, local host colon 7001, hit enter.
Again this is going to prompt us for our user name
and password so we're going to kill it right there.
And we're going to cd into the Oracle, Middleware,
Oracle Home, user projects, domains, servers,
and we should see our hplus two.
Going to make a security directory like we did before.
Vi to our boot dot properties, username WebLogic,
password my secret right that, exit.
Go back out through our home directory
and we'll start this managed note again.
Hplus dash ms dash two, our t3 protocol,
local host 7001, hit enter.
Okay so both of these servers are started up,
the credentials are added, and they're both running,
so let's go back to our browser,
we'll click the refresh icon,
and we should get some good information here in a moment.
Now all these are running,
so our next step is to add these to a cluster.
To create a cluster, we're going to click lock and edit,
click Clusters, click new, cluster,
and we're going to call this a hplus cluster.
Keep it as unicast,
we'll select that the port is still 7001,
click okay, going to click into this again
and look around a little bit.
You'll notice that the load algorithm is round robin,
you can change this if you wanted to
and of course we can always click on the more info
for other options.
Activate the changes.
So on the configuration tab, we're going go to the servers,
and click lock and edit,
come down here and click add,
going to select existing server, click next.
As you can see from the message here
we have to stop the server before we can continue.
So we're going to go back to our servers,
go to the control, and force a shutdown now.
Yes, now we're going to go back to our clusters,
click on our cluster, go to servers,
scroll to the bottom, and to add the ms one,
click next, add the second one,
going to activate our changes, come back to our servers,
we'll go to our control.
The servers are shut down so we're going to need
to start these up.
We'll go to the command line.
We'll type Oracle, Middleware, Oracle Home,
user projects, domains, bin, start, manage server.
We'll again specify our ms one, use our t3 protocol,
hit enter, do the same thing over here.
Luckily we can just hit our up arrow
and do that over again.
Come back to our browser, click on this refresh,
and now they're running.
The last thing we have to do here on this page
is deploy our application to the cluster.
So, for deployments you're going to click lock and edit,
minimize this, go to deployments,
we're going to stop the current deployment that's here,
'cause this will conflict with our new deployment
to the cluster.
Going to activate the changes and lock and edit again.
Click install, this time we're going to go to
Chapter two zero eight, if you have not compiled this
please compile it at this time.
Going to click next, click next again,
and now we have a cluster available.
We need to select the hplus cluster, click next,
and next, and finish.
Going to activate our changes.
Click on the control,
come down here and we will start servicing all requests.
Click yes, now the application is started,
go to monitoring, I'm sorry, go to testing,
and we can see that our application
is now deployed on both servers in the cluster.